(acoustic music)
Okay, this concludes the part of the course
on going full stack reactive with Thymeleaf and MongoDB.
So we now have a web application.
We went through something familiar.
We started off and you can see how we went through it
and adapted it for use.
So we went from a traditional Web Servlet stack
and converted it over to a full reactive stack,
and you can see how there was a couple little gotchas there,
a couple minor things that we had to tweak,
but effectively, we are using the same API
throughout the entire stack now.
So whether we're using Spring MVC,
which is on the traditional server stack,
or WebFlux, which is the full reactive stack,
the API at the top level is still pretty similar.
And this is something that I expect that the Spring team
is gonna continue to mature, and I think their goal
is to make it fully compatible,
and right now we're still kind of early,
but I will evolve the section of the course
as we go forward.
Coming up in the course, we are definitely gonna be seeing
more reactive stuff.
I'm having a lot of fun with it in recording this content,
so you're definitely gonna see more of it,
and we are gonna actually see a lot
of the traditional stuff, too.
So we'll be running both of them.
So we're gonna learn about both going forward
and keep having a lot of fun here.